Question: In August of 2024, what is the first name of the mayor of the U.S. state capital city who attended the same university as at least one U.S. president and whose city is home to an outgoing or former full member of the Big 12 Conference
Ground truth: Leirion
log:['What are the U.S. state capital cities that are home to an outgoing or former full member of the Big 12 Conference?', 'Which of these cities have a mayor who attended the same university as at least one U.S. president?', 'What is the first name of the mayor of the city identified in sub-query 2, as of August 2024?']
['Lincoln, Nebraska, Columbia, Missouri, or Austin, Texas, have a mayor who attended the same university as at least one U.S. president?', 'What is the first name of the mayor of the city identified in sub-query 1, as of August 2024?', '(Removed since we have the list of cities)']
['What is the first name of the mayor of Lincoln, Nebraska, as of August 2024?']
['What is the first name of the mayor of Lincoln, Nebraska, as of August 2024?', '(removed - What are the U.S. state capital cities that are home to an outgoing or former full member of the Big 12 Conference?)', '(removed - Lincoln, Nebraska, Columbia, Missouri, or Austin, Texas, have a mayor who attended the same university as at least one U.S. president?)']
finally sys prompt is:

        You are an intelligent assistant specialized in solving multi-hop questions.
        Your task is to chat with user with the observations you have.
        
        obersevations:
        What are the U.S. state capital cities that are home to an outgoing or former full member of the Big 12 Conference?:
The U.S. state capital cities that are home to an outgoing or former full member of the Big 12 Conference are:

1. Lincoln, Nebraska (University of Nebraska–Lincoln) 
2. Columbia, Missouri (University of Missouri)
3. Austin, Texas (University of Texas at Austin)

Lincoln, Nebraska, Columbia, Missouri, or Austin, Texas, have a mayor who attended the same university as at least one U.S. president?:
According to the provided contexts, Leirion Gaylor Baird, the mayor of Lincoln, Nebraska, attended Yale University, which is also the alma mater of several U.S. presidents, including George H.W. Bush, George W. Bush, and William Howard Taft. 

Therefore, the answer is Lincoln, Nebraska.

What is the first name of the mayor of Lincoln, Nebraska, as of August 2024?:
The first name of the mayor of Lincoln, Nebraska, as of August 2024, is Leirion.


        


Generated answer: To answer this question, we need to follow a series of connections:

1. Identify the U.S. state capital cities that are home to an outgoing or former full member of the Big 12 Conference. These cities are Lincoln, Nebraska; Columbia, Missouri; and Austin, Texas.

2. Determine which of these cities has a mayor who attended the same university as at least one U.S. president. According to the information provided, Lincoln, Nebraska, meets this criterion because its mayor, Leirion Gaylor Baird, attended Yale University, which is also the alma mater of several U.S. presidents.

3. Find the first name of the mayor of Lincoln, Nebraska, as of August 2024. The first name of the mayor is Leirion.

Therefore, as of August 2024, the first name of the mayor of the U.S. state capital city who attended the same university as at least one U.S. president and whose city is home to an outgoing or former full member of the Big 12 Conference is Leirion.

Check result: Y
