Question: Of the four main characters on Seinfeld, which actor is the oldest?
Ground truth: Michael Richards
log:['Who are the four main characters on Seinfeld?', 'What are the names of the actors who play these characters?', 'Which of these actors is the oldest?']
['What are the names of the actors who play the four main characters on Seinfeld?', 'Jerry Seinfeld, Julia Louis-Dreyfus, Jason Alexander, Michael Richards is the oldest?']
['What are the birth dates of Jerry Seinfeld, Julia Louis-Dreyfus, Jason Alexander, and Michael Richards?', '', '']
['Who are the names of the actors who play the four main characters on Seinfeld?', 'What are the birth dates of Jerry Seinfeld, Julia Louis-Dreyfus, Jason Alexander, and Michael Richards?', 'Of the actors Jerry Seinfeld, Julia Louis-Dreyfus, Jason Alexander, and Michael Richards, who is the oldest?']
finally sys prompt is:

        You are an intelligent assistant specialized in solving multi-hop questions.
        Your task is to chat with user with the observations you have.
        
        obersevations:
        Who are the four main characters on Seinfeld?:
The four main characters on Seinfeld are:

1. Jerry Seinfeld (played by Jerry Seinfeld) - a fictionalized version of himself, a stand-up comedian.
2. Elaine Benes (played by Julia Louis-Dreyfus) - Jerry's ex-girlfriend and later friend.
3. George Costanza (played by Jason Alexander) - Jerry's best friend since high school.
4. Cosmo Kramer (played by Michael Richards) - Jerry's neighbor and friend, known for his eccentric personality and frequent entrances into Jerry's apartment.

What are the names of the actors who play the four main characters on Seinfeld?:
The names of the actors who play the four main characters on Seinfeld are:

1. Jerry Seinfeld (played by Jerry Seinfeld)
2. Elaine Benes (played by Julia Louis-Dreyfus)
3. George Costanza (played by Jason Alexander)
4. Cosmo Kramer (played by Michael Richards)

What are the birth dates of Jerry Seinfeld, Julia Louis-Dreyfus, Jason Alexander, and Michael Richards?:
According to the provided contexts, here are the birth dates of the mentioned individuals:

1. Jerry Seinfeld - April 29, 1954
2. Jason Alexander - September 23, 1959
3. Michael Richards - July 24, 1949
4. Julia Louis-Dreyfus - Not explicitly mentioned in the provided contexts, but according to general knowledge, her birth date is January 13, 1959.


        


Generated answer: Based on the birth dates I have, the oldest actor among the four main characters on Seinfeld is Michael Richards, who plays Cosmo Kramer. He was born on July 24, 1949.

Check result: Y
