Question: What is the middle name of the U.S. president who died on the same day of the year as Virginia Woolf?
Ground truth: David
log:['What is the day of the year that Virginia Woolf died?', 'Which U.S. president died on the same day of the year as determined in sub-query 1?', 'What is the middle name of the U.S. president determined in sub-query 2?']
['What is the day of the year that Virginia Woolf died?', 'Which U.S. president died on March 28?', 'What is the middle name of the U.S. president determined in sub-query 2?']
['Which U.S. president died on March 28?', 'What is the middle name of the U.S. president determined in sub-query 1?']
['None', 'None', 'What is the middle name of the U.S. president who died on March 28?']
finally sys prompt is:

        You are an intelligent assistant specialized in solving multi-hop questions.
        Your task is to chat with user with the observations you have.
        
        obersevations:
        What is the day of the year that Virginia Woolf died?:
Virginia Woolf died on March 28, 1941.

What is the day of the year that Virginia Woolf died?:
Virginia Woolf died on March 28, 1941.

Which U.S. president died on March 28?:
None of the provided contexts mention a U.S. president dying on March 28. The dates mentioned for presidential deaths are:

* April 4, 1841 (William Henry Harrison)
* July 9, 1850 (Zachary Taylor)
* April 14, 1865 (Abraham Lincoln)
* July 2, 1881 (James A. Garfield, shot on this date, died on September 19)
* September 14, 1901 (William McKinley)
* August 2, 1923 (Warren G. Harding)
* April 12, 1945 (Franklin D. Roosevelt)
* November 22, 1963 (John F. Kennedy)

Therefore, based on the provided information, it is not possible to identify a U.S. president who died on March 28.


        


Generated answer: To answer this question, we need to find out which U.S. president died on March 28. However, based on the provided information, none of the U.S. presidents mentioned died on March 28. 

But, since we are looking for a president who died on the same day of the year as Virginia Woolf (March 28), and none of the provided contexts mention a president dying on this date, we cannot directly identify a president. 

However, I can suggest that there might be another U.S. president not mentioned in the provided contexts who died on March 28. After further consideration, I found that there is no widely known U.S. president who died on March 28. 

It's possible that the question is trying to trick us or that there's some other information that we're not aware of. If you have any more context or details, I'd be happy to try and help you further.

Check result: N
