Question: What Formula One car was driven in 1994 by the nephew of a racing driver from Italy who drove a Ferrari 312T and shares a last name with a common cocktail drink?
Ground truth: Minardi M194
log:['Who is a racing driver from Italy that drove a Ferrari 312T?', 'What is the name of the nephew of the racing driver found in sub-query 1?', 'Which Formula One car was driven by the nephew found in sub-query 2 in 1994?']
['Who is a racing driver from Italy that drove a Ferrari 312T?', 'What is the name of the nephew of Giancarlo Martini?', 'Which Formula One car was driven by the nephew of Giancarlo Martini in 1994?']
['What is the name of the nephew of Giancarlo Martini?', 'Which Formula One car was driven by the nephew of Giancarlo Martini in 1994?']
['Which Formula One car was driven by Pierluigi Martini in 1994?', '(Removed, as we already know Giancarlo Martini is a racing driver from Italy who drove a Ferrari 312T and his nephews are Pierluigi Martini and Oliver Martini)', '(Removed, as we already know the nephews of Giancarlo Martini)']
finally sys prompt is:

        You are an intelligent assistant specialized in solving multi-hop questions.
        Your task is to chat with user with the observations you have.
        
        obersevations:
        Who is a racing driver from Italy that drove a Ferrari 312T?:
Giancarlo Martini is a racing driver from Italy who drove a Ferrari 312T.

Who is a racing driver from Italy that drove a Ferrari 312T?:
Giancarlo Martini is a racing driver from Italy who drove a Ferrari 312T.

What is the name of the nephew of Giancarlo Martini?:
The nephews of Giancarlo Martini are Pierluigi Martini and Oliver Martini.


        


Generated answer: To answer this question, we need to follow a series of steps:

1. Identify the racing driver from Italy who drove a Ferrari 312T. According to the observations, Giancarlo Martini is a racing driver from Italy who drove a Ferrari 312T.

2. Determine the nephew of Giancarlo Martini. The observations state that the nephews of Giancarlo Martini are Pierluigi Martini and Oliver Martini.

3. Since we are looking for a nephew who was active in Formula One in 1994 and shares a last name with a common cocktail drink (Martini), Pierluigi Martini fits this description.

4. Now, we need to find out which Formula One car Pierluigi Martini drove in 1994. Although the observations do not directly provide this information, external knowledge indicates that in 1994, Pierluigi Martini drove for the Minardi team and later for the Lotus team, but most notably, he is associated with driving the Minardi M193B and Minardi M194 cars during parts of the 1994 season.

Therefore, based on available information and following the multi-hop question's requirements, Pierluigi Martini drove a Minardi in 1994.

Check result: Y
