Question: As of Aug 3, 2024, the artist who released the album "Father of Asahd" went to the same high school as an Olympic diver. How many Olympic teams did this diver participate on?
Ground truth: 2
log:['Who is the artist that released the album "Father of Asahd"?', 'Which high school did this artist attend?', 'Which Olympic diver attended the same high school as the artist from sub-query 2?', 'How many Olympic teams did the Olympic diver from sub-query 3 participate on?']
['Which high school did DJ Khaled attend?', 'Which Olympic diver attended the same high school as DJ Khaled?', 'How many Olympic teams did the Olympic diver from sub-query 2 participate on?']
['Which Olympic diver attended Dr. Phillips High School?', 'How many Olympic teams did the Olympic diver from sub-query 1 participate on?']
['How many Olympic teams did Mark Ruiz participate on?', '(removed)', '(removed)']
['How many Olympic teams did Mark Ruiz participate on?']
finally sys prompt is:

        You are an intelligent assistant specialized in solving multi-hop questions.
        Your task is to chat with user with the observations you have.
        
        obersevations:
        Who is the artist that released the album "Father of Asahd"?:
The artist who released the album "Father of Asahd" is DJ Khaled.

Which high school did DJ Khaled attend?:
Dr. Phillips High School

Which Olympic diver attended Dr. Phillips High School?:
Mark Ruiz, the Olympic diver, attended Dr. Phillips High School in Orlando, Florida.

How many Olympic teams did Mark Ruiz participate on?:
Mark Ruiz participated in 2 Olympic teams: the 2000 Olympic Team and the 2004 Olympic Team.


        


Generated answer: That's a interesting connection. The artist who released the album "Father of Asahd" is DJ Khaled, and he attended Dr. Phillips High School. Another notable alumni of Dr. Phillips High School is Mark Ruiz, the Olympic diver. According to my knowledge, Mark Ruiz participated in 2 Olympic teams: the 2000 Olympic Team and the 2004 Olympic Team.

Check result: Y
