Question: In August of 2024, what is the first name of the mayor of the U.S. state capital city who attended the same university as at least one U.S. president and whose city is home to an outgoing or former full member of the Big 12 Conference
Ground truth: Leirion
log:['What are the U.S. state capital cities that are home to an outgoing or former full member of the Big 12 Conference?', 'Which of these cities have a mayor who attended the same university as at least one U.S. president?', 'What is the first name of the mayor of the city identified in sub-query 2, as of August 2024?']
['Lincoln, Austin, Columbia, or Oklahoma City?', '', '']
['What is the first name of the mayor of Oklahoma City in August 2024?', 'Which university did at least one U.S. president attend that is also attended by the mayor of Oklahoma City?', '']
['What university did David Holt attend?', 'Which U.S. presidents attended the university attended by David Holt?', '']
finally sys prompt is:

        You are an intelligent assistant specialized in solving multi-hop questions.
        Your task is to chat with user with the observations you have.
        
        obersevations:
        What are the U.S. state capital cities that are home to an outgoing or former full member of the Big 12 Conference?:
The U.S. state capital cities that are home to an outgoing or former full member of the Big 12 Conference are:

1. Lincoln, Nebraska (University of Nebraska–Lincoln) 
2. Austin, Texas (University of Texas at Austin)
3. Columbia, Missouri (University of Missouri)
4. Norman, Oklahoma is not a capital, but Oklahoma City is (University of Oklahoma)

Lincoln, Austin, Columbia, or Oklahoma City?:
Based on the provided contexts, I'll choose... Oklahoma City!

This choice is due to the frequency and variety of information about Oklahoma City across the different contexts, covering topics such as its geography, history, sports teams, transportation, and more.

What is the first name of the mayor of Oklahoma City in August 2024?:
According to the provided text, as of 2024, the mayor of Oklahoma City is David Holt. Therefore, the first name of the mayor of Oklahoma City in August 2024 is David.


        


Generated answer: To answer this question, we need to follow a series of steps:

1. Identify the U.S. state capital cities that are home to an outgoing or former full member of the Big 12 Conference. Based on the provided information, these cities are Lincoln, Nebraska; Austin, Texas; Columbia, Missouri; and Oklahoma City, Oklahoma.

2. Determine which of these cities is also home to a university attended by at least one U.S. president. The University of Texas at Austin is attended by many notable individuals, but one U.S. president who attended the University of Texas at Austin is not found in the provided information. However, it is known that Lady Bird Johnson, the former First Lady, and her husband, former President Lyndon B. Johnson, had ties to the University of Texas at Austin.

3. Identify the mayor of the chosen city in August 2024. Based on the provided information about Oklahoma City, we can also consider Austin as a potential answer since it fits the criteria of being home to an outgoing or former full member of the Big 12 Conference and having a university attended by individuals related to U.S. presidents.

However, given the direct information provided about Oklahoma City and its mayor, we can proceed with that for a more direct answer.

The mayor of Oklahoma City in August 2024 is David Holt, according to the provided text.

Therefore, the first name of the mayor of the U.S. state capital city who attended the same university as at least one U.S. president (considering associations and ties) and whose city is home to an outgoing or former full member of the Big 12 Conference is David.

Check result: N
