Question: What is the middle name of the U.S. president who died on the same day of the year as Virginia Woolf?
Ground truth: David
log:['What is the day of the year that Virginia Woolf died?', 'Which U.S. president died on the same day of the year as determined in sub-query 1?', 'What is the middle name of the U.S. president determined in sub-query 2?']
['What is the day of the year that Virginia Woolf died?', 'Which U.S. president died on the 87th day of the year?', "(removed, as we will use sub-query 2's answer to find the middle name)"]
['What is the middle name of the U.S. president who died on March 28?', '(removed, as we already know Virginia Woolf died on March 28, which is the 87th day of the year)', '(not needed, as we can directly find the U.S. president who died on March 28 and then find their middle name)']
['What is the middle name of the U.S. president who died on March 28?']
finally sys prompt is:

        You are an intelligent assistant specialized in solving multi-hop questions.
        Your task is to chat with user with the observations you have.
        
        obersevations:
        What is the day of the year that Virginia Woolf died?:
According to the text, Virginia Woolf died on March 28, 1941. This is the 87th day of the year.

What is the day of the year that Virginia Woolf died?:
The day of the year that Virginia Woolf died is March 28.

What is the middle name of the U.S. president who died on March 28?:
The U.S. president who died on March 28 was Dwight D. Eisenhower. His middle name is David.


        


Generated answer: To answer this question, we need to follow a chain of information. 

First, we need to determine the day of the year that Virginia Woolf died. According to our knowledge, Virginia Woolf died on March 28, which is the 87th day of the year.

Next, we need to find out which U.S. president died on March 28. We know that the U.S. president who died on March 28 was Dwight D. Eisenhower.

Finally, we can determine the middle name of this president. The middle name of Dwight D. Eisenhower is David.

So, the middle name of the U.S. president who died on the same day of the year as Virginia Woolf is David.

Check result: Y
