Question: Which species from the genus mulona are both found in the same country?
Ground truth: Mulona barnesi and mulona schausi
log:['What countries are home to species from the genus Mulona?', 'Which species from the genus Mulona are found in each of these countries?', 'Are there any species from the genus Mulona that are found in the same country?']
['Which species from the genus Mulona are found in Cuba?', 'Are there any species from the genus Mulona that are found in the same country, such as Cuba where Mulona schausi and Mulona barnesi are found?']
['Which countries are home to both Mulona schausi and Mulona barnesi species from the genus Mulona?', '', '']
['Which species from the genus Mulona are found in Cuba?', 'Which countries are home to both Mulona schausi and Mulona barnesi species from the genus Mulona?', '']
finally sys prompt is:

        You are an intelligent assistant specialized in solving multi-hop questions.
        Your task is to chat with user with the observations you have.
        
        obersevations:
        What countries are home to species from the genus Mulona?:
The countries that are home to species from the genus Mulona are:

1. Haiti (Mulona lapidaria)
2. Cuba (Mulona schausi and Mulona barnesi)
3. Jamaica (Mulona grisea)
4. Brazil (Mulona piperita)
5. Bahamas (Mulona manni)

Which species from the genus Mulona are found in Cuba?:
The species from the genus Mulona that are found in Cuba are:

1. Mulona barnesi
2. Mulona schausi

Both of these species are moths of the subfamily Arctiinae and were first described by William Dewitt Field in 1952.

Which countries are home to both Mulona schausi and Mulona barnesi species from the genus Mulona?:
According to the provided text, both Mulona schausi and Mulona barnesi are found on Cuba. Therefore, the answer is Cuba.


        


Generated answer: According to the observations, the two species from the genus Mulona that are found in the same country are:

1. Mulona barnesi
2. Mulona schausi

Both of these species are found in Cuba.

Check result: Y
