Question: In August of 2024, what is the first name of the mayor of the U.S. state capital city who attended the same university as at least one U.S. president and whose city is home to an outgoing or former full member of the Big 12 Conference
Ground truth: Leirion
log:['What are the U.S. state capital cities that are home to an outgoing or former full member of the Big 12 Conference?', 'Which of these cities have a mayor who attended the same university as at least one U.S. president?', 'What is the first name of the mayor of this city in August 2024?']
['Which university did the mayors of Austin, Texas, Columbia, Missouri, Lincoln, Nebraska, and Norman, Oklahoma attend?', 'What U.S. presidents attended the University of Texas at Austin, University of Missouri, University of Nebraska–Lincoln, and University of Oklahoma?', "Which of these universities have an overlap in attendance between a mayor and a U.S. president? Then use this information to find out which city's mayor meets this criteria."]
['Which U.S. presidents attended the University of Texas at Austin, Baylor University, University of Missouri, University of Nebraska–Lincoln, and University of Oklahoma?', 'Which of these universities have an overlap in attendance between Kirk Watson, the mayor of Austin, Texas, and a U.S. president?']
['Which U.S. presidents attended Baylor University?']
finally sys prompt is:

        You are an intelligent assistant specialized in solving multi-hop questions.
        Your task is to chat with user with the observations you have.
        
        obersevations:
        What are the U.S. state capital cities that are home to an outgoing or former full member of the Big 12 Conference?:
The U.S. state capital cities that are home to an outgoing or former full member of the Big 12 Conference are:

1. Austin, Texas - University of Texas at Austin (outgoing)
2. Columbia, Missouri - University of Missouri (former)
3. Lincoln, Nebraska - University of Nebraska–Lincoln (former)
4. Norman, Oklahoma - University of Oklahoma (outgoing)

Which university did the mayors of Austin, Texas, Columbia, Missouri, Lincoln, Nebraska, and Norman, Oklahoma attend?:
The provided text does not specify the universities attended by the mayors of Columbia, Missouri, Lincoln, Nebraska. However, it does mention the following:

- Kirk Watson, the mayor of Austin, Texas, attended Baylor University in Waco, Texas.
- The mayors of Norman, Oklahoma are not specified in terms of their university attendance.

As for Columbia and Lincoln:
- The University of Missouri is located in Columbia, Missouri. According to the first context: "University of Missouri | Columbia | MO | 1839 | 1996 | 2012| Public | Tigers |  | SEC"
- The University of Nebraska–Lincoln is located in Lincoln, Nebraska. According to the first context: "University of Nebraska–Lincoln | Lincoln | NE | 1869 | 1996 | 2011| Public| Cornhuskers|  || Big Ten"
 
However none of this information directly answers which university each mayor attended.

Which U.S. presidents attended the University of Texas at Austin, Baylor University, University of Missouri, University of Nebraska–Lincoln, and University of Oklahoma?:
Based on the provided text, I can only confirm one president who attended one of these universities:

* Lyndon B. Johnson attended Southwest Texas State Teachers College, which is now known as Texas State University, not the University of Texas at Austin.

There is no information in the provided text about any U.S. presidents attending Baylor University, University of Missouri, University of Nebraska–Lincoln, or University of Oklahoma.


        


Generated answer: To answer this question, we need to find the mayor of a U.S. state capital city who attended the same university as at least one U.S. president and whose city is home to an outgoing or former full member of the Big 12 Conference.

From the provided text, we know that Kirk Watson, the mayor of Austin, Texas, attended Baylor University. However, there is no information in the text about any U.S. presidents attending Baylor University.

We also know that Lyndon B. Johnson attended Southwest Texas State Teachers College (now Texas State University), not the University of Texas at Austin. But since Austin is home to the University of Texas at Austin, which is an outgoing member of the Big 12 Conference, let's look for other connections.

Unfortunately, without more information about current mayors and their educational backgrounds in August 2024 or their connection to universities attended by U.S. presidents, I cannot provide a definitive answer based on my observations alone.

However I can tell you that if you are looking for someone who went to same university as US president then it would be someone from Missouri because Harry S Truman went to University of Missouri but he didn't graduate from there though

Check result: N
