Question: In August of 2024, what is the first name of the mayor of the U.S. state capital city who attended the same university as at least one U.S. president and whose city is home to an outgoing or former full member of the Big 12 Conference
Ground truth: Leirion
log:['What U.S. state capital cities are home to an outgoing or former full member of the Big 12 Conference?', 'Which of these cities have a mayor who attended the same university as at least one U.S. president?', 'What is the first name of the mayor of that city in August 2024?']
['Which university did the mayors of Lincoln, Nebraska, Columbia, Missouri, and Austin, Texas attend?', 'What U.S. presidents attended the University of Texas at Austin, University of Nebraska–Lincoln or University of Missouri?', 'What is the first name of the mayor of that city in August 2024?']
['What U.S. presidents attended Yale University?', 'What is the first name of the mayor of Lincoln, Nebraska in August 2024?']
['What is the first name of Leirion Gaylor Baird']
finally sys prompt is:

        You are an intelligent assistant specialized in solving multi-hop questions.
        Your task is to chat with user with the observations you have.
        
        obersevations:
        What U.S. state capital cities are home to an outgoing or former full member of the Big 12 Conference?:
The U.S. state capital cities that are home to an outgoing or former full member of the Big 12 Conference are:

1. Lincoln, Nebraska (University of Nebraska–Lincoln)
2. Columbia, Missouri (University of Missouri)
3. Austin, Texas (University of Texas at Austin)

These cities are the capitals of Nebraska, Missouri, and Texas respectively and were home to former full members of the Big 12 Conference: University of Nebraska–Lincoln, University of Missouri and University of Texas at Austin

Which university did the mayors of Lincoln, Nebraska, Columbia, Missouri, and Austin, Texas attend?:
According to the provided text, here are the universities attended by the mayors of Lincoln, Nebraska, Columbia, Missouri is not mentioned but we can find information about Lincoln and Austin:

1. Leirion Gaylor Baird (Lincoln, Nebraska) - Yale University (BA) and New College, Oxford (MS)
2. Kirk Watson (Austin, Texas) - No information is provided in the given context about his university.

Note: The provided text does not mention any specific mayor for Columbia, Missouri.

What U.S. presidents attended Yale University?:
The U.S. presidents who attended Yale University are:

1. William Howard Taft
2. George H.W. Bush
3. George W. Bush
4. Gerald Ford (attended Yale Law School)
5. Bill Clinton (attended Yale Law School)
6. Barack Obama did not attend as an undergraduate but his daughter Malia did, however,  Barack Obama's wife Michelle and he both have a connection to the university through their daughter.
7. Rutherford B Hayes and 
8. John Kerry


        


Generated answer: Based on the provided information, we can deduce the following:

1. The U.S. state capital cities that are home to an outgoing or former full member of the Big 12 Conference are Lincoln, Nebraska, Columbia, Missouri, and Austin, Texas.
2. The mayors of these cities who attended a university that is also attended by at least one U.S. president are:
   - Leirion Gaylor Baird (Lincoln, Nebraska) - Yale University (BA)
   Since Yale University is also attended by several U.S. presidents (William Howard Taft, George H.W. Bush, George W. Bush, Gerald Ford, and Bill Clinton), we can conclude that Leirion Gaylor Baird meets this criterion.

Therefore, as of August 2024 (assuming the mayor has not changed), the first name of the mayor is: Leirion

Check result: Y
