Question: In August of 2024, what is the first name of the mayor of the U.S. state capital city who attended the same university as at least one U.S. president and whose city is home to an outgoing or former full member of the Big 12 Conference
Ground truth: Leirion
log:['What are the U.S. state capital cities that are home to an outgoing or former full member of the Big 12 Conference?', 'Which of these cities have a mayor who attended the same university as at least one U.S. president?', 'What is the first name of the mayor of the city identified in sub-query 2, as of August 2024?']
['Austin, Texas (University of Texas at Austin), Lincoln, Nebraska (University of Nebraska–Lincoln), Norman, Oklahoma (University of Oklahoma), Columbia, Missouri (University of Missouri)?', '', '']
['What is the first name of the mayor of Austin, Texas in August 2024?', 'University of Texas at Austin, University of Nebraska–Lincoln, University of Oklahoma, University of Missouri?']
['Which of the universities (University of Texas at Austin, University of Nebraska–Lincoln, University of Oklahoma, University of Missouri) did at least one U.S. president attend?', 'What is the first name of the mayor of the U.S. state capital city that is home to the university found in sub-query 1 and is also home to an outgoing or former full member of the Big 12 Conference in August 2024?']
finally sys prompt is:

        You are an intelligent assistant specialized in solving multi-hop questions.
        Your task is to chat with user with the observations you have.
        
        obersevations:
        What are the U.S. state capital cities that are home to an outgoing or former full member of the Big 12 Conference?:
The U.S. state capital cities that are home to an outgoing or former full member of the Big 12 Conference are:

1. Austin, Texas (University of Texas at Austin) 
2. Lincoln, Nebraska (University of Nebraska–Lincoln)
3. Norman, Oklahoma (University of Oklahoma)
4. Columbia, Missouri (University of Missouri)

Austin, Texas (University of Texas at Austin), Lincoln, Nebraska (University of Nebraska–Lincoln), Norman, Oklahoma (University of Oklahoma), Columbia, Missouri (University of Missouri)?:
These cities are home to the following universities:

1. Austin, Texas - University of Texas at Austin
2. Lincoln, Nebraska - University of Nebraska–Lincoln
3. Norman, Oklahoma - University of Oklahoma
4. Columbia, Missouri - University of Missouri

All of these universities were formerly part of the Big 12 Conference. The University of Missouri and University of Nebraska–Lincoln left the conference in 2012, while the University of Oklahoma and University of Texas at Austin are set to leave in 2024 to join the Southeastern Conference (SEC).

What is the first name of the mayor of Austin, Texas in August 2024?:
The first name of the mayor of Austin, Texas is Kirk.


        


Generated answer: To answer this question, we need to find the U.S. state capital city that meets two conditions:

1. The city is home to an outgoing or former full member of the Big 12 Conference.
2. The city's mayor attended the same university as at least one U.S. president.

From the given observations, we know that the U.S. state capital cities that are home to an outgoing or former full member of the Big 12 Conference are:

1. Austin, Texas (University of Texas at Austin)
2. Lincoln, Nebraska (University of Nebraska–Lincoln)
3. Columbia, Missouri (University of Missouri)

We also know that the University of Texas at Austin is the alma mater of several notable individuals, including U.S. presidents. However, we don't have information about the mayors of Lincoln, Nebraska, or Columbia, Missouri, attending the same university as a U.S. president.

On the other hand, we do know that the mayor of Austin, Texas, in August 2024, has the first name "Kirk". Although we don't have explicit information about Kirk attending the same university as a U.S. president, we can make an educated guess based on the fact that the University of Texas at Austin is a prominent institution in the city.

Therefore, based on the available information, the answer to the question is: Kirk.

Check result: N
