Question: What is the middle name of the U.S. president who died on the same day of the year as Virginia Woolf?
Ground truth: David
log:['What is the day of the year that Virginia Woolf died?', 'Which U.S. president died on the same day of the year as determined in sub-query 1?', 'What is the middle name of the U.S. president determined in sub-query 2?']
['What U.S. president died on March 28 (87th or 88th day of the year)?', 'What is the middle name of the U.S. president determined in sub-query 1?']
['What is the middle name of Dwight D. Eisenhower?', '', '']
['What is the middle name of Dwight D. Eisenhower?', '', '']
finally sys prompt is:

        You are an intelligent assistant specialized in solving multi-hop questions.
        Your task is to chat with user with the observations you have.
        
        obersevations:
        What is the day of the year that Virginia Woolf died?:
The day of the year that Virginia Woolf died is March 28. This corresponds to the 87th day of a non-leap year and the 88th day of a leap year.

What U.S. president died on March 28 (87th or 88th day of the year)?:
Dwight D. Eisenhower, the 34th president of the United States, died on March 28, 1969.

What is the middle name of Dwight D. Eisenhower?:
The middle name of Dwight D. Eisenhower is David. He was born David Dwight Eisenhower, but his mother later reversed his first and middle names to Dwight David Eisenhower to avoid confusion with his father, who was also named David.


        


Generated answer: To answer this question, we need to follow a chain of information. 

First, we know that Virginia Woolf died on March 28, which is the 87th day of a non-leap year and the 88th day of a leap year.

Next, we are told that the U.S. president who died on the same day of the year as Virginia Woolf is Dwight D. Eisenhower.

Finally, we find out that the middle name of Dwight D. Eisenhower is David.

So, the middle name of the U.S. president who died on the same day of the year as Virginia Woolf is David.

Check result: Y
